feat(curriculum): add email simulator workshop (#62100)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-email-simulator/68540a534c56aeabae6afd58.md

---
id: 68540a534c56aeabae6afd58
title: Step 47
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-47
---

# --description--

Now you'll simulate sending some emails between the users.

In your `main` function, after creating the users, use the `send_email` method to:

> - Have Tory send an email to the `ramy` user object with subject `'Hello'` and body `'Hi Ramy, just saying hello!'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have Tory send an email to the `ramy` user object with subject `Hello` and body `Hi Ramy, just saying hello!`.
```

> - Have Ramy send an email to the `tory` user object with subject `'Re: Hello'` and body `'Hi Tory, hope you are fine.'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have Ramy send an email to the `tory` user object with subject `Re: Hello` and body `Hi Tory, hope you are fine.`.
```

# --hints--

> You should have Tory send an email to `ramy`, subject `'Hello'`, and body `'Hi Ramy, just saying hello!'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have Tory send an email to `ramy`, subject `Hello`, and body `Hi Ramy, just saying hello!`.
```

```js
({
    test: () => 
    {
        assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_function("main").find_body()[2].is_equivalent("tory.send_email(ramy, 'Hello', 'Hi Ramy, just saying hello!')")`))
    }

})
```

> You should have Ramy send an email to `tory`, subject `'Re: Hello'`, and body `'Hi Tory, hope you are fine.'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have Ramy send an email to `tory`, subject `Re: Hello`, and body `Hi Tory, hope you are fine.`.
```
